[200] p3ok12y s1 :: Agree with other comments that the pace particularly the beginning, drags. Try using an audio editor (I use Audacity) and setting your speed to 115%, see how it sounds. It's a nice tool that we semi-faceless channels have to work with.
[201] p3ocgj5 s1 :: Hey everyone. I make videos on self improvement, productivity and mental health. I am also an illustrator so I present my ideas through simple animations and hand drawn cartoons of myself since I want to remain faceless.  Here I go into the mindset of nice guys using the movie obsession as an example:  https://youtu.be/rTPs7vdJOmA?si=vLBDia8\_dE0uygYU
[202] p3o7twp s1 :: not sure what you mean by faceless channels, but yea same thing on one of my channels the first ive ever managed to get monetized. Impressions are like just gone now on all the new videos after that.. from like 6k to 16k to like 30 to 100. and of course views are down to teens also. same here with the nothing has changed i make playthrough of games and after 6 months have had decent traffic etc made it to the 3k mone
[203] p3msp6e s1 :: Being an actual Face and voice will always be king for people giving someone's content a shot and things being recongnizable.  Its your choice if you feel you can overcome that while being faceless. Every debuff you give yourself will naturally increase difficulty, and if you can't accept that difficulty, then you need to rethink the choices you made to that point. One very well might be "do i need to be faceless"  S
[204] p3lck29 s2 :: I've always been a faceless channel but generally speaking showing your face is way better because it's unique to you and more expressive. It was just my personal choice to go faceless.
[205] p3lbc0p s1 :: alright thanks but I have another question, if you have any faceless videos and any face showing videos, which did better?
[206] p3gtlte s2 :: I’m about to start a faceless documentary/video essay channel this is amazing advice 
[207] p3btutu s5 :: How does a faceless reaction channel even work? Like, how would anyone see your reactions?
[208] p3b863r s-1 :: Faceless? If so, you might be cooked. YouTube is *aggressively* suppressing new faceless gaming channels right now. It started mid July I believe. My faceless videos have been getting 0 impressions for weeks now. 
[209] p39pgt2 s1 :: I forgot to mention that it's a faceless channel so I'm using a pixel art character to present the cooking series! Funnily enough you almost got the channel name bang on (Fennel Tavern).
[210] p39g2gr s1 :: Thank you for this! I have seen a lot do well in terms of art but I don’t really see any popular faceless gaming channels but I think this could be my algorithm as I have of course seen people be successful this way before, I think I’ll give it a go when I muster up the courage haha thanks again 
[211] p38gk0c s1 :: Hi! Faceless videos shouldn’t be a problem in the art niche as its quite common. There are some faceless (an also without voiceover) creators with 1 milion subscribers - they mostly share how they paint and craft. The only problem I can think of is that its a bit harder to create a connection/relationship with the subscribers - they might quickly subscribe to your content, but they might not be the most loyal audienc
[212] p37p9ie s1 :: If you guys need a great faceless YouTube channel script writer for long from videos, send me a DM :)
[213] p36ex6d s2 :: This will depend on the niche, and your presentation style. In the AI era, I have been kind of avoiding faceless videos from new channels, because I just don't trust anything at this point. Idk how common this is. But, someone faceless would have to grab me QUICK.
[214] p35t46j s1 :: Are you a faceless channel? If you're a faceless channel, it's super easy for people to repost your stuff and claim it as their own. Consider getting a camera or an avatar or something to make your videos more recognizably yours, making it harder for other people to claim your content as their own.
[215] p35hroj s6 :: faceless doesn't mean you have to use ai. if you at least made animations, motion design or any type of storyboard, ai voice would be fine
[216] p33zzn5 s1 :: blog now respectable? Maybe in the past.. now its getting flooded with AI writing capabilities and people becoming increasingly sensitive to faceless content..
[217] p33dg8u s3 :: That's not shadow banning, that's YouTube giving your channel a chance, realizing it doesn't have watchability and cutting losses. Same goes for a flopped video.  You even said it's a faceless video, that inherently rates it lower for a lot of viewers 
[218] p31iqhx s8 :: faceless can work, especially if your voice and stories are the main focus. try 5 walking videos with one clear topic each and see which ones people watch longest.
[219] p31ejdp s5 :: Mine is totally faceless. I also prefer it that way. It's fine, do what you need to do! 
[220] p31cbrm s4 :: I just started a faceless channel on my kitten last month. I do enjoy the fact that I don’t need to show my face. I am small channel. 
[221] p2wbokb s1 :: Hello so I was looking for some influencers or people who wants to pursue a YouTuber career thats bot faceless I'm 15 and I'm turning 16 in December and i want to major in marketing and advertising so drop you channel down below so I can help you if you have any more questions feel free to dm me and don't worry that im a teen because we tend to know a lot more about social media than most adults 😊 
[222] p2wbmr1 s1 :: Hello so I was looking for some influencers or people who wants to pursue a YouTuber career thats bot faceless I'm 15 and I'm turning 16 in December and i want to major in marketing and advertising so drop you channel down below so I can help you if you have any more questions feel free to dm me and don't worry that im a teen because we tend to know a lot more about social media than most adults 😊 
[223] p2p4w73 s2 :: Don’t want to assume but are you using Ai? If so, I won’t judge but just know that YouTube is cracking down hard on Ai content and are shadow banning those channels. It’s actually to the point where YT is mistakenly shadowbanning even legitimate, faceless channels. Instead of using Ai to generate the content itself, use it to teach you how to animate yourself using programs like blender 
[224] p2lhs30 s1 :: You can also reach out if you want to discuss or know more, i am running a faceless channel myself