[275] ox5w07o s1 :: Did you end up selling it? Because I'm in the same situation thinking of selling an unmonetized faceless channel with a lot of subs, but not sure how much I should sell it for..
[276] owz337v s1 :: If you quit now you will not win, it's guaranteed. Now is actually the best and the easiest time to make money on YT. Instead, join one of the Skool Faceless YT communities, it's a ton of information to learn. The teachers there make $20k-$50k p month consistently so it's very inspiring to learn from people that are winning and are helping others to win. 
[277] owywj3v s1 :: Honestly your dad is half right and half wrong. Faceless works, I do it, but "passive" is the lie. You spend real hours writing, editing and uploading before it pays anything, and monetization takes months of consistent posting.  At 17 with a job, if you actually want to try it pick ONE niche you already care about and post one video a week. If you're doing it just because dad said so, you'll burn out by video 4.
[278] owys3nx s1 :: What I mean is that the workflow is usually specific to the type of the videos you are making. And you didn’t specify what type of videos you want to create, other than that it is going to be a faceless video format, which can mean a lots of things. For example, I have a faceless art channel. So most if the time, I come up with an idea, record the process of me creating something, and than I edit the footage (where I
[279] oww4mc4 s1 :: there is an asterisk \* that about 95% of youtube channels are just casual hobbyist fun, and some other 4% are confused half-attempts motivated by the wrong reason that quit in 6 months. faceless channels fall into that 95% when it comes to the effort made, and have an inherent inability to compete because there's a million people doing them. Youtube CAN be a huge success, if someone really tries and they make effort
[280] owvtm81 s0 :: The workflow mostly depends on your niche and the type of the videos you want to make. Workflow of vlogging faceless channel will be way different to doing faceless video essays, for example. 
[281] owr2lqt s1 :: That was only a couple years ago, and even now channels like Let's Game It Out do fine faceless if the content's sticky.
[282] owqzem9 s1 :: How long ago was that though? Moistcritikal blew up faceless too but weren't like most YouTube channels faceless at the time in those circles?
[283] owpfdb9 s1 :: Nope.  Sit in front of a microphone reading from a script I spent a long ass time researching and putting together without any help from our soon to be robotic overlords?  Yes.  But I'm faceless. I use keyframe animation, pictures, etc rather than have me on the video.  I'm more comfortable than way.
[284] owbil4i s1 :: You're WAYY better off starting a cleaning or junk pickup business if you have a large vehicle. He's probably just seeing ads from people trying to sell their faceless courses constantly 
[285] ow8dshr s1 :: It's definitely possible, but it's not passive at the start most successful faceless channels take months of consistent work before they make meaningful money, and plenty never do Luck can help, but good content and consistency matter a lot more If you're employed, even a few hours a week is enough to start just don't expect overnight results
[286] ow2hooo s0 :: Yeah, I am making product buying guide but when I record my voice because its a faceless non Ai channel the prices fluctuate. So that's the main problem 
[287] ow0nn49 s2 :: You can make money on YouTube without showing your face but it's never passive. I have friends who have made a lot of money doing faceless channels but most don't last longer than a year and the ones that do are either very involved like a job or have hasld to change the content strategy of their channel a few times and will have to do it again.  There are channels out there run by big corporations and private equity
[288] ovy84hn s1 :: In the words of my late grandmother "if it was that easy, then everybody would be doing it!". Nope tell your dad to do his research and he will find that most of these tutorials about creating faceless accounts are just scammers looking to make a quick buck off of desperate people. Apparently you're smarter than your dad.
[289] ovy0l57 s2 :: Tell your dad to start the faceless account for passive income if he believes it's that easy and a solid income path.
[290] ovxyti0 s3 :: how are you going to make faceless finance and faceless motivation videos? What does that even mean? It sounds like he just spewed a bunch of buzzwords at you that have no actual meaning. 
[291] ovxq7fc s10 :: "a faceless account for passive income" is like saying "do something to make money"  ok.... do WHAT to make money? What kind of content does he wants you to make? 
[292] ovxh51k s1 :: Faceless channels can definitely make money, but they're not passive, especially in the beginning. you still have to come up with ideas, write scripts, edit, upload, and keep improving
[293] ovx9wpe s1 :: Learn how to use free editing tools like CapCut . Decide what type of video you want to create whether it's a faceless video using visual animations or images, or one where you film yourself on camera.
[294] ovx6ihp s1 :: I was monetized with a long-form, faceless channel in 6 months. My scripts, my voice, and my terrible editing skills. 
[295] ovx3pcx s31 :: If he wants a faceless channel for extra income, he can do it himself.  If *you* want to be a YouTuber, awesome! If *you* don't want to be a YouTuber, then don't let anyone pressure you into becoming one.
[296] ovvjbm4 s7 :: i make about 800/mo from my faceless channel using noodletomato ai. the key is picking the right niche and being consistent
[297] ovv6o5c s1 :: This is exactly how I plan to start my channel, just making videos about things I'm interested in, not in particular niche. Although I'll be doing faceless channel (not AI, my voice + things I want to talk about), would you like to have a chat in DM? I'm not sure what we could discuss about as we might have different hobbies but it might be nice to find people with similar motivations behind their youtube channel.
[298] ovoioes s2 :: Faceless does just as well if the content is good. i run a faceless channel using noodle tomato ai and the videos perform great without showing my face
[299] ovn8p2f s2 :: for scripting faceless videos i use noodletomato ai, it handles the research and script generation and then builds the full video from it