[300] ovk55te s1 :: If youre shy recording yourself with a camera, just be a faceless creator for a bit. If youre shy about your voice just know that doesnt matter to a majority of people, if your audio / video quality is good that will carry you.  Just record a few things, edit them together and see what comes out.
[301] ovjn0fj s1 ::  So many things you can do for a faceless video! Choose a niche - as in, choose the style of video you want to do and branch into various topics. Watch some videos on YT for inspiration. Try to observe the camera angles, depth of field and how many seconds each clip is. Kinda like a small case study
[302] ovfu76p s1 :: I can go either way on this. I’m a theatre guy. I’ve done stand up. I’m a few levels into sketch writing at second city. I value the human aspect of entertainment. I want to watch humans interact. I will absolutely pick a face channel over faceless nearly everytime.  But sometimes I just want a video that tells me which harddrive is the best for the money or how to determine what the warning messages on my microwave 
[303] ovdj0ps s1 :: I make videos on self improvement and mental health. I’m an illustrator so I like to provide my own drawings and animations as I am faceless but want to make my channel identity stand out.  Upon rewatching I do believe that I need to work on my tone of delivery as it is a bit monotone though I am open to all forms of critique. Here’s my latest video on the benefits of reading: https://youtu.be/pM9hf9VZZiU?si=BtuYlG3J
[304] ovcl9qd s1 :: I like the slow vibes, narration and music is also very good a very fitting.  I would have liked to see more wide angle shots rather than all the close shots, but I gather the point is to keep your channel faceless? I think the same goes for the thumbnails, it would seem more "grand" if it was zoomed out. The latest thumbnail doesn't have a lego minifig so it may not be immediately clear at a glance that it's a lego 
[305] ovcl8gz s1 :: Hey everybody.  My channel name is Daily Inkquiry, and it focuses on mental health/self improvment told through short digital comics and sketches.  https://youtube.com/@dailyinkquiry?si=kxQN6i648zmA0DUm  I am faceless so i create digital art drawings and a cartoon version of myself for the visuals. My feedback from last week was to work on my audio and tone when presenting.  My latest video is on the benefits of read
[306] ovcaar7 s1 :: Hey everybody.  My channel name is Daily Inkquiry, and it focuses on mental health/self improvment told through short digital comics and sketches.  https://youtube.com/@dailyinkquiry?si=kxQN6i648zmA0DUm  I am faceless so i create digital art drawings and a cartoon version of myself for the visuals. My feedback from last week was to work on my audio and tone when presenting.  My latest video is on the benefits of read
[307] ova2nof s1 :: No bro I really want to get it done the right way. Most of the time I hear the good side of how much they made on a faceless account and ignore how hard or what it actually means to be paid for making videos. Now I am taking time to come up with the ideas and making videos. It’s not enjoyable but I am getting to understand the process more and more. 
[308] ov5qk8i s2 :: Hey I don’t think using AI visuals is the problem. Lot of faceless channel are doing the same and they are popular. I went over your channel what I am think could improve is the script. For example, I watched your GTA video I got interested initially but intro is a bit slow and it takes time to reach to the point. If you check your retention and people are dropping at the begging then I think what I said makes more s
[309] ov5did8 s1 :: I feel seen lol nah fr... 2 years in (8 months of shadowbanned in the middle) over 400 videos... 1, 350 subs. Monetized because people that click the video watch the video. I've had a video get 17k and others that have done thousands but the amount of videos that creep to 200 is discouraging. I do pop culture and politics. I study pages that do the exact same content that get 50k in a day but the emulation doesn't se
[310] ouvyfe3 s8 :: If it makes you feel any better i'm a professional filmmaker and I hate editing too lol  The trick is learning and playing to your strengths, being a faceless channel that has to collect clips probs doesn't help though
[311] oupwqhg s-1 :: I do faceless AI generated videos, i just started and only have 2 videos online. Would love your insight on it https://youtu.be/gGPeZvd4aEo?si=D3FJPut6s9YOtG8f
[312] ouh64y3 s0 :: If you are looking for an editor I can help you , I have some experience editing for faceless videos.
[313] ouh4dlw s1 :: If you intend to inject personality into your voice, high emotions and high energy, show your face. If you intend to be rather calm and less reactive, stay faceless.
[314] ougfinf s1 :: Yeah. My first video feels like a dumpster fire and I'll keep improving bit by bit each video. I just hope my voice doesn't sound TOO insufferable. It is a faceless commentary video after all 😅
[315] ouf3y91 s0 :: I see 😭 Thank you very much for the honest feedback. I'm quite awkward being in front of the camera. Could personality be coming from voice? or sth that is being done repetitively so it becomes a personality? What should be the main highlight for my thumbnails? There are few channels that I saw with many subscribers and views, but they are all faceless. Tho it did take them around 10 years to get that big 💀 
[316] ou9ges6 s1 :: Don't worry about other guys. Your style will be good too. I have a faceless English grammar channel - there are so many of these huge English channels and I was afraid mine would be crap - it's the first time I've ever really done this, and I'm really not professional. But I've had some lovely comments from people and it's doing quite well. You just need to figure out your way and just go with it. There will always 
[317] ou41kri s1 :: I have a slight slur on s's from having no teeth, so I'm really picky about audio and will redo a lot of lines. But I started recording my voice right away because depending on what you're doing, you almost need it. I'm still faceless but I'll start showing my face if I know this could actually go somewhere. Started my channel like 2 months ago, I have 141 subs, 75,000 views, 1600 watch hours. I way I could have got 
[318] ou3uhe0 s1 :: I have a faceless English grammar channel. The first 4 or 5 videos I used an AI voice and my private students HATED it. After that I switched to my own voice. Awkward and shy at first but you quickly get used to it. Just go for it!
[319] otyey5p s1 :: Hey everybody.  My channel name is Daily Inkquiry, and it focuses on mental health/self improvment told through short digital comics and sketches. https://youtube.com/@dailyinkquiry?si=kxQN6i648zmA0DUm  I am faceless so i create digital art drawings and a cartoon version of myself for the visuals. My feedback from last week was to work on my audio and tone when presenting.  My latest video is on the benefits of readi
[320] otpucr5 s2 :: Same thing happens to me on my one faceless channel. People think that faceless channels are easier than talking head videos. But in reality it's just the opposite 🫤
[321] otnepf0 s2 :: You do not need to reveal your face to prove anything.  At 25 subs, the bigger question is whether showing your face would make the content better. If it adds trust, reactions, or personality, test it lightly. If it only adds anxiety and does not change the video, stay faceless for now.  You could try one low-pressure version: a short intro, cropped face cam, or a community post/pinned comment first. Do not turn it i
[322] otln4qn s3 :: Faceless what  Faceless brick laying  Faceless motorcycle repair  Faceless cooking  Faceless business advice  Faceless fidget spinner reviews  Faceless aircraft flying is good why not do that
[323] otld94r s2 :: I’ve never revealed my face. Actually, I did a promo for another channel that revealed my face my own channel doesn’t even know about.  That being said for what I do I’ve actually heard the opposite. That they are happy half the screen isn’t my talking head and I make use of the screen etc as they are sick of seeing people’s faces all the time 😅  And that’s music to my faceless ears.
[324] otilxt6 s1 :: How would you do faceless beauty videos? Beauty is something im also interested in but want to remain faceless