[475] olqipub s1 :: Your subs and view numbers are incredibly good for a faceless let's play channel in 2026, especially considering how poor your thumbnails are.  This is going to take time. Give yourself a realistic time frame of 2 years to gain traction.
[476] olqf8yt s1 :: It just takes practice is the truth you’re probably not gonna like. I’m pretty introverted but I have a job that involves a lot of presenting so have gotten used to it. Now I’m pretty good and prepping talking points and recording narration. I’m still faceless for now but have started pretty decently. Just keep practicing you’ll get better 
[477] olq5wzt s1 :: > Any ideas for faceless gaming that might actually work?  I dunno, tell funny or embarrassing stories?
[478] olq5nll s1 :: Yeah you're not going to succeed with that kind of content. You're stuck in 2012. Nowadays, simulation games are for streamers who need a break between two major games or sponsorships, and it's mostly a "just chatting" session (unless they're playing with other streamers).  If you really want to see some progress as a faceless channel, you either go video essays or streaming.  If you really wanna stick to let's plays
[479] olpw2yf s1 :: I know most people prefer faceless (me included), but if you 1) really want to give this a proper go and 2) think it would genuinely improve your content - why not give it a go? When you’re small you need something to make you stand out and gain some momentum, maybe you’re skipping over the obvious thing
[480] olpnzq6 s1 :: Agreed, I started this year and it’s something I do when I’m not working in my spare time bc I genuinely enjoy it. It’s also faceless gaming about games I’m passionate about, if I manage to make abit of money one day, great, if not, oh well. I couldn’t imagine having a channel based off niche’s I just don’t care about
[481] olpcog7 s1 :: Hey I just checked out one of your videos.  You’ve got a great voice! Good commentary. If I had any quick suggestions: edit your videos. Posting an hour long gaming session isn’t nearly as digestible. I’m sure you could cut a 50 minute gaming session that’s okay down to a 10 minute video that’s really great.  This is just subjective, but it seems like you’re just playing car driving simulators? That is insanely, insa
[482] olp7yw2 s1 :: Its not the content bro, its the person.  As long as you enjoy what you’re doing and have fun with it. People will watch it, not for the game but for the person playing it. For your take on it.  So have fun playing game, recording and uploading is the one extra thing you need to do. Thats it.  If you are doing faceless content without voiceover, then thats not gonna make it. 
[483] olp05cr s4 :: It’s not for everyone that’s for sure, but that’s up for you to decide for yourself. In terms of faceless lets plays you have to be even more so charismatic and have elite thumbnails. It’s not as personal as with a camera so you have to make up for it in personality. It seems like you are putting a lot of stock into this being a job, I would taper expectations and just enjoy it and see where it leads. If you don’t en
[484] oloq9vm s1 :: Man that "taking forever" feeling is real when you're starting out on a faceless channel  i went through the exact same thing when i started mine last year,spent like 8 hours just researching one story and then another 4 editing the video for like 2 minutes of actual content  the finding content part especially eats time if you don't have a system, like you're scouring reddit threads or old forums trying to piece som
[485] olmv4g6 s1 :: the channel that finally escaped for me was the one i treated like an a/b lab, pumping faceless story shorts with cliptalk so i could test 8-10 hooks a week instead of agonizing over single uploads, volume + hook variety did more than any timing trick
[486] oll8x4y s1 :: the 3 second hook is the real killer, been batching faceless shorts with cliptalk and testing 6-8 openers per script so the consistency grind doesn't burn me out
[487] olk11r8 s2 :: Yeah this is pretty much the entire "agency" model now across YouTube, TikTok, even web dev.  Client pays 5kamonth.Agencytakes5*kamonth*.*Agencytakes*4k. Editor in Southeast Asia gets $1k to do all the actual work. Everyone pretends the agency is providing "strategy" and "client management" but really they're just a middleman with a good sales pitch.  Not saying all agencies are bad. Some actually add value with real
[488] olilslr s1 :: this is exactly why i ditched the agency route, been running cliptalk solo for my faceless stuff so there's no underpaid editor in the chain and the whole margin stays with me
[489] olig66p s1 :: I started a faceless study vlog channel but it’s just been a month and a half I think there are some difficulties in connecting with people because I don’t show my face 
[490] olh0whr s1 :: There's actually one channel with no voice and also faceless, just doing exactly that. Some how, the simplest things, catching upwards of 500k+ per each short and 2k+ long forms. Its wild. They do nothing special either. 
[491] olfgnld s1 :: I'd be happy to get some feedback on my videos if you can. I think I'm pretty much what you're describing, apart from being faceless, I put my face out there.
[492] olecwfn s1 :: Hey i'd like you to look at my channel as well its name is IJMV its a faceless channel but I do have commentary I recently just got a bit of growth for my channel after I started playing deltarune going from 12 to 100 subs in about 3 months my views most of my comments say they like my humor and how I come up with my own theories but im looking for something more indepth. I'd recommend my chapter 3, chapter 4, or my 
[493] ole4eoi s2 :: Really good points! I see so many people wanting to start faceless and voiceless channels. Like that's great, but what is drawing people to watch their version of that video vs someone else? I usually say go look at what popular channels are doing in the niche and then emulate it the best you can, but with your own voice. I have a smaller channel, but that is what has worked for me. My biggest challenge is consistenc
[494] oldyxwi s2 :: I'm going to be honest, but you might not like what I say. If you look up other crimson desert videos that are both faceless and voiceless, do they overall have views? That's a really tough thing to accomplish without already having a big following. Maybe look at what the top viewed Crimson Desert videos are doing and emulate that style. Voiceover or captions would probably move the needle here. Really hope it works 
[495] oldrfsx s5 :: Faceless and voiceless? Unless you are a top 1% player, good luck.  For thumbnails, try and take inspiration from the bigger creators in your niche
[496] oldhnor s1 :: To ask for some more context, you said these are faceless, voiceless videos. Do you add text or edit the videos in any way or are you just screen-recording game footage and uploading the raw, unedited file to YouTube?
[497] oldeik1 s1 :: If anybody needs script writing services, feel free to DM me. I write scripts for youtube faceless channels  
[498] olddk58 s1 :: If anybody needs script writing services, feel free to DM me. I write scripts for youtube faceless channels  
[499] olcjll6 s1 :: I mean - go for it if that's what you want to do.  But you should know that there are already hundreds of channels that are doing pretty much the same thing. Most of them wind up getting lost in the mix.  The problem with going faceless is that you're not giving your audience any real reason or method to connect with you. At some point it's not content unique to you, and feels instead like content that anybody else c